c:\users\fer_s\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2012\Projects\ContinentalExam\ContinentalExam\bin\Debug\ContinentalExam.exe.config
c:\users\fer_s\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2012\Projects\ContinentalExam\ContinentalExam\bin\Debug\ContinentalExam.exe
c:\users\fer_s\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2012\Projects\ContinentalExam\ContinentalExam\bin\Debug\ContinentalExam.pdb
c:\users\fer_s\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2012\Projects\ContinentalExam\ContinentalExam\obj\Debug\ContinentalExam.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\fer_s\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2012\Projects\ContinentalExam\ContinentalExam\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\fer_s\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2012\Projects\ContinentalExam\ContinentalExam\obj\Debug\ContinentalExam_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\fer_s\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2012\Projects\ContinentalExam\ContinentalExam\obj\Debug\ContinentalExam.g.resources
c:\users\fer_s\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2012\Projects\ContinentalExam\ContinentalExam\obj\Debug\ContinentalExam.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\fer_s\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2012\Projects\ContinentalExam\ContinentalExam\obj\Debug\ContinentalExam.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\fer_s\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2012\Projects\ContinentalExam\ContinentalExam\obj\Debug\ContinentalExam.exe
c:\users\fer_s\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2012\Projects\ContinentalExam\ContinentalExam\obj\Debug\ContinentalExam.pdb
c:\users\fer_s\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2012\Projects\ContinentalExam\ContinentalExam\obj\Debug\Pages\Catalogs\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\fer_s\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2012\Projects\ContinentalExam\ContinentalExam\obj\Debug\Pages\Catalogs\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\fer_s\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2012\Projects\ContinentalExam\ContinentalExam\obj\Debug\ContinentalExam_Content.g.cs
C:\Users\fer_s\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2012\Projects\ContinentalExam\ContinentalExam\bin\Debug\DataBase\ContinentalExamDataBase.mdb
C:\Users\fer_s\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2012\Projects\ContinentalExam\ContinentalExam\bin\Debug\ConfigFileHandlerDll.dll
C:\Users\fer_s\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2012\Projects\ContinentalExam\ContinentalExam\bin\Debug\ContinentalExam.Business.dll
C:\Users\fer_s\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2012\Projects\ContinentalExam\ContinentalExam\bin\Debug\ContinentalExam.Entity.dll
C:\Users\fer_s\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2012\Projects\ContinentalExam\ContinentalExam\bin\Debug\ContinentalExam.DA.dll
C:\Users\fer_s\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2012\Projects\ContinentalExam\ContinentalExam\bin\Debug\ContinentalExam.Business.pdb
C:\Users\fer_s\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2012\Projects\ContinentalExam\ContinentalExam\bin\Debug\ContinentalExam.Entity.pdb
C:\Users\fer_s\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2012\Projects\ContinentalExam\ContinentalExam\bin\Debug\ContinentalExam.DA.pdb
C:\Users\fer_s\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2012\Projects\ContinentalExam\ContinentalExam\obj\Debug\Pages\Catalogs\ModalProduct.baml
C:\Users\fer_s\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2012\Projects\ContinentalExam\ContinentalExam\obj\Debug\Pages\Catalogs\ModalProduct.g.cs
C:\Users\fer_s\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2012\Projects\ContinentalExam\ContinentalExam\obj\Debug\Pages\Transactions\Sales.baml
C:\Users\fer_s\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2012\Projects\ContinentalExam\ContinentalExam\obj\Debug\Pages\Transactions\Sales.g.cs
C:\Users\fer_s\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2012\Projects\ContinentalExam\ContinentalExam\obj\Debug\Pages\Transactions\ModalSearch.baml
C:\Users\fer_s\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2012\Projects\ContinentalExam\ContinentalExam\obj\Debug\Pages\Transactions\ModalSearch.g.cs
C:\Users\fer_s\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2012\Projects\ContinentalExam\ContinentalExam\bin\Debug\itextsharp.dll
